# uGet Chrome Wrapper
Integrate the famous FOSS uGet Download Manager with Google Chrome in Linux systems. With this tool, uGet can interrupt and catch your downloads from Google Chrome.

For more details, visit the official page: [uGet Chrome Wrapper](https://slgobinath.github.io/uget-chrome-wrapper/)

## Installation

To see how to install, visit the [installation guide](https://slgobinath.github.io/uget-chrome-wrapper/#installation) and click on your operating system.

## Usage
Simply click on any downloadable links to download the file. 'uGet new Download' dialog will appear and continue the download.

To disable uGet from interrupting your download, press <kbd>Insert</kbd> key and click on the link. <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> can be used to disable the extension for a longer period. The same shortcut can enable the extension again.


## Contributing
**Are you a user?**

Please test uget-chrome-wrapper on your system and report any issues [here](https://github.com/slgobinath/uget-chrome-wrapper/issues)

**Are you a developer?**

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

**Are you using a different operating system?**

Please test uget-chrome-wrapper and create installers for your operating system

## History
Version 2.0.0 (Under developer testing):
 * Migrate to Python 3
 * Show uget-chrome-wrapper status in the extension
 * Submitted native Opera addon

Version 1.3.3:
 * Ctrl + Shift + U to disable uGet Integration extension temporarily
 * Option to exclude URLs
 * Smart capture from native Chrome download
 * Extract Youtube video file names from the URL generated by SaveFrom.net

Version 1.2:
 * Now uget-chrome-wrapper supports Google Chrome, Chromium and Vivaldi

Version 1.1:
 * Fix extension id mismatch
 * Fix %20 in filename

Version 1.0:
* Integrate uGet Download Manager with Google Chrome


## License

GNU General Public License v3